The doctor said it was food poisoning.
Don't order takeout food later.
What do you want to eat for Wang's mother?
Okay.
Doctor, my daughter-in-law, is she okay?
It's okay.
Does my daughter-in-law have it?
Your daughter-in-law doesn't have enough air, her stomach is cold.
You should pay attention to adjusting your diet later.
Great, there it is.
There really is.
True Love is the lucky star of our Ip family.
The current father-in-law.
My daughter-in-law has such a happy stomach.
The doctor said there's not enough gas, the stomach is cold.
Don't catch a cold.
You don t take care of your wife any more.
Dad, it's summer.
Is it wrong to listen to the doctor?
What are you doing here?
I don't know how to cut apples for your wife.
What is the use of giving birth to you?
Why not make a piece of roast pork?
Tell your dad whatever you want to eat.
I work for you.
Oh, look at Daddy's head.
There's soup at home.
I'll come back and bring it for you.
Ip Dung Thien
Be honest.
Am I going to die?
Ah.